The girl today is going to tell you about mine.
hair as you do inside the hair
black and it was a very radical change only
that I could not record for you because
it was very fast to decide was
buy paint has already been painted
So it's a crazy idea to get out of the bay.
pilot was very strange to say that
I was breaking up with my hair
it's still bad about him and everything
I'm treating the way I was doing.
when I was loyo and only now is a
little better because it's black
hides a little broken normally
always so darkest always hides
a little bit and I chose the bluish black
for you people are there, look there
I never said anything because where I was
Of course in my hair I with him
complete the sides
he looked like blue macha when
It's just us, that blue guy.
pulling on purple it tastes pretty good and
I'm completely in love and talk
that is eye to eye with you're
pretty in love with my hair and there
people you are going to have on the unit explain
I did not stop here on the changes
I intend to cut it now so I can
video that I'm going to do to you from my
hair is showing up my boyfriend
cutting your hair for you to see
I want to see there and see how the team is a
surprise which cut I'm going to make
People like me said I love changing this
totally radical for this
I do not give a damn if you cut short four
short'll let grow I want to paint
I do not do everything that is crazy and I will not
try to control the field a bit more
with black because it suits me a lot
the team was very dark and that's it
people, I'll try everything to
keep in black color
but if you gave me a minute played in a
another will not be what it is again and I hope
that you liked the result is
This looks blue in the hair.
oh how cute, I totally fell in love
journey in hair like this and do not forget
to watch my channel because you do not have
one only a society to keep in contention
by heat
so do not forget to enjoy and
share with staff face and comment
if you like cup crazy that I
I had and they stay connected because soon
You're going to have my new haircut.